Interpolating string dangers (#185)
andycroll/andycroll.com: _posts/2023/2023-02-13-try-not-to-loop-through-associations-inside-jobs.md

In most cases running a small loop of updates on a `has_many` association in a job is also fine. Until it isn’t, in production. And this is the point.

Depending on the job you might be able to use other Rails features. You could use `update_all` to do all the updates for an association in one SQL query, but the update will likely have to be simple and no callbacks will run on the associated records.

https://ruby.social/@slimdave/109857575361894630

Might be problematic in the presence of counter caches?

Another thought – if it's important that the updates are transactional (either all fail or all succeed) then that might not be possible with this technique.

> Maybe worth noting that it's also likely to be a higher workload for the database, if multiple updates are not wrapped in a transaction, as each update's commit has to wait for data to be flushed to disk. 

Author: ```suggestion

I was reminded by [Dave](https://ruby.social/@slimdave/109857575361894630) that it might be tricky to use this technique if you’re using counter caches. Or if your updates need to be transactional.

This technique is also likely to lead to a higher workload for the database as your jobs run lots of similar updates in parallel against the same table.
```
